Add support for handling multiple identify results (#106)
Esri/data-collection-dotnet: docs/README.md

The app operates on a set of rules driven by map definitions and pop-up configurations. To learn how to configure your web map, see the section entitled [_Configure Web Map & Feature Services for Data Collection_](#configure-web-map-feature-services-for-data-collection).

### Multiple identify results

When the user clicks or taps on the map, all of the map's layers and all of the map view's graphics overlays are queried. The results are displayed in a list showing each result's graphical representation, popup title, and configured subtitle.

> **Note**, subtitles are not a standard part of the ArcGIS platform and require special attention to set up.

The subtitle is computed via an [Arcade expression](https://developers.arcgis.com/arcade/) defined in the pop-up configuration's *Attribute Expressions* collection. The app will only display a subtitle if the attribute expression has the alias or title set to match the **PopupExpressionForSubtitle** key defined in the app's settings.

> > **Note**, the `Subtitle expression` is found by an exact string match. Do not change the title when localizing the web map or for any other reason.

Reviewer: I believe this should be removed.
```suggestion
```

}
```

### Multiple identify results

> When the user clicks or taps on the map, all of the map's layers and all of the map view's graphics overlays are queried. The results, if there are more than one, are shown in a list. The list shows each result's graphical representation (if applicable), popup title, and subtitle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the user clicks or taps on the map, all of the map's layers and all of the map view's graphics overlays are queried. The results are displayed in a list showing each result's graphical representation, popup title, and configured subtitle.
```

> > **Note**: Subtitles are not a standard part of the ArcGIS platform and require special attention to set up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**, subtitles are not a standard part of the ArcGIS platform and require special attention to set up.
```

> The subtitle is computed via an Arcade expression defined in the pop-up configuration's *Attribute Expressions* collection. To be displayable in the app, the attribute expression must have the alias or title set to `Subtitle expression`.

Reviewer: Can you link to ArcGIS documentation for Arcade expressions?

```suggestion
The subtitle is computed via an Arcade expression defined in the pop-up configuration's *Attribute Expressions* collection. The app will only display a subtitle if the attribute expression has the alias or title set to `Subtitle expression`.
```

> > **Note**: The `Subtitle expression` is found by an exact string match. Do not change the title when localizing the web map or for any other reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**, the `Subtitle expression` is found by an exact string match. Do not change the title when localizing the web map or for any other reason.
```
